// Anime
// Idle
Is this the cry baby's room? I guess it is.
I came here to laugh at you.
Shut up you pansies and bimbos.
Oh it's okay. It's fine. You don't have to speak. It'd be a waste of Earth's oxygen. If an existence like yours is going to continue, how about you practice breathing CO2 and creating oxygen instead?
Huh? Something stinks like old milk. Ah! It's you! You know, once you start high school you should stop sucking your mama's tits!
// Good
Really, you're worth less than the shit lying on the street.
Your very existence is a joke, man.
Could you not spit while you talk? Virginity is contagious.
Could you not spit while you talk? STDs from hookers are contagious.
Talking to you feels like having a period.
// Funny
You Boobian! Go back to Planet Tits!
Maggot, maggot, maggot, maggot, maggot, maggot, maggot.
Unlike your chest, mine gives the people hope and dreams.
Now, I like you more than sea slugs.
You're just a dung beetle! No, you're the dung that is being rolled by the dung beetle!
I dreamt that you were a dog. And the dog was my husband. Anyway, it was the worst dream ever.
Your mum is like the universe - constantly expanding.
You have succeeded in minimizing the content in your head.
You are a first class idiot
// Okay
Go step in cat shit!
You are a special kind of stupid, aren't ya?
// Brutal
You rotten puke-brained bitch-ass whore.
You're a crossdressing piece of shit festering in a bag of rotting garbage
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree but apparently this one got run over by a fucking lawnmower.
Cry monkey bitch. This time I'll make an exception and allow it.
// Shittalk gen
If the body is 70% water how are you 100% salt???
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
I'm jealous of people that don't know you.
I would insult you but nature did a better job.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
I'm not questioning your intelligence, merely denying its existence.
Perhaps your strategy should include trying.
You're the human equivalent of a participation award.
I'd tell you to go outside, but you'd just ruin that for everyone else too.
Does your ass get jealous of all the shit that comes out of your mouth?
I'd love to see things from your perspective, but I don't think I could shove my head that far up my ass.
Have you ever had a conversation where the other person wasn't just shaking their head in disappointment?
Everyone who loves you is wrong.
If your Mom's vagina was a video game it would be rated E for everyone
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
You are what you eat, and you're a dick.
I don't know what gets less hits... your aim or your online dating profile
I bet the last time you felt a breast was in a KFC bucket
I bet you're that guy that dies in the tutorial.
It's a joke, not a cock, don't take it so hard.
Please be careful to ensure your tears don't get into the electronics.
You are why aliens wont talk to us.
I have bowel movements that move faster than your thought process.
If life is like a box of chocolates, you're a fucking raisin.
I'm surprised you even managed to get out of bed without hurting yourself.
It's dangerous to use your entire vocabulary in a single sentence!!!
You're the reason they need to put instructions on shampoo bottles.
I've had jar lids give me a bigger challenge than you.
You're that one guy that would actually get his dick stuck in a ceiling fan for not following instructions.
There are vacuum cleaners that suck less than you.
Some babies were dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown at a wall.
Shouldn't you be trying to put a round block in a square hole somewhere?
I hope you're the last person in a human centipede.
I'd rather fuck a bear trap than live a minute of your life
I recommend you keep crying. It's the only thing you're doing right.
I could eat alphabet soup and still shit out a better argument than you.
I was pro-life until I met you.
If you keep crying, we're going to need to build another Ark.
I guess the abortion clinic forgot one.
I'm not trash talking, I'm talking to trash.
You should eat some makeup so you can at least be pretty on the inside.
I'd call you a piece of shit but that at least has use as fertilizer.
A law prohibiting you from breeding would be justified but unnecessary.
You could season a meal with all that salt from your tears.
You couldn't be more inbred if you were in a fucking sandwich.
To which foundation do I need to donate to help you?
All of these flavors and you choose to be salty.
I can't wait till I have dementia so I can forget that ever happened.
You deserve a high five, to the face, with a chair.
I'm pretty sure the only thing you can turn on is your laptop.
Have you tried turning your brain off and on again?
Go down to the nearest drugstore and buy a little thing called viagra. It will help you go fuck yourself.
You might just create another dead sea with all your tears.
I bet you can't see the screen with all your tears.
A million years of evolution and we get you.
If I had 2 bullets and I was in a room with Bieber, Hitler, and you, I'd shoot myself twice.
Well I would agree with you but then we'd both be wrong.
If I wanted to listen to an asshole, I'd fart.
You probably get your insults from a shittalk generator.
Would you like some fries with that salt?
Your family tree is a cactus, because everybody on it is a prick.
You are as useless as a white crayon.
Believe in yourself, because the rest of us think you're an idiot.
Mentally challenged people don't want to be referred as 'Retarded' becuase they don't want to be compared with you.
I'm a plumber and even I can't handle your shit.
I would mentally duel with you, but I can see you're unarmed.
Just because you can act like a dumbass doesn't mean you should.
If we learn from our mistakes, your parents must be geniuses now.
Fighting on the internet is like participating in the paralympics. Even if you win, you're still retarded.
My abacus has more processing power than you.
You are the reason I have to doubt evolution and natural selection.
Your existence is the reason for scientists to rethink the plausibility of evolution.
You are proof that excessive masturbation causes stupidity.
Whoever told you to just be yourself couldn't have given you worse advice.
I've had more engaging arguments with my cat.
You probably think the light in the refrigerator never turns off.
If I wanted to get yelled at by folks like you, I would go to the daycare.
If you stopped jerking off, maybe the blood would go to your brain instead.
I believed in the good and potential of humanity. And then you came along.
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents for instance.
Like the Dead Sea wasn't salty enough.
It's sad that your IQ matches your shoe size.
I normally don't argue with children but I'll make an exception for you.
30 millon sperm and you swam the fastest?
You have some big balls on you. Too bad they belong to the guy fucking you from behind.
God ran out of clay, so he slapped a bunch of dog shit together to make you.
You're about as useful as a snowshovel in Hawaii.
I wonder if you last as long in bed as you do against me. I'd ask your girlfriend, but hands can't talk.
Your mother should have swallowed you.
Why don't you slip into something more comefortable? Like a coma?
You could win an oscar for how sad your life is.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
You remind me of the last batch of scrambled eggs I made: Over-salted, and burned.
Maybe God made you a bit too special.
I would ask you how old you are but I know you can't count that high.
Calling you a retard is an insult to the mentally challenged.
I would insult your IQ, but the concept of negative numbers would boggle your mind.
I'm sure your bodypillow is very proud of you.
Why are you still here? I thought trash day was yesterday.
This is why doctors advocate regular masturbation, to keep fuck ups like you from being conceived.
You are a living contradiction to evolution.
You're like an onion. On the outside you're shit, but peel away a layer and underneath is another layer of shit.
You  have an inferiority complex, and it's completely justified.
If you were any dumber I would have to water you twice a day.
The internet teaches me new experiences all the time - Right now I'm experiencing what it's like to be a special needs caretaker.
There are about 37 trillion cells working together in your body right now, and you are disappointing every single one of them.
Ah yes, the Dead Sea, the second saltiest thing on Earth next to your bitch ass.
Kirby must be jealous with how much you suck.
I've never touched a cigarette. I feel a sense of regret for not doing it, because you gave me cancer anyway.
You're living testament to the idea that people only use 10% of their brains.
I bet your brain feels as good as new, seeing that you never use it.
I bet you are going to single-handedly keep the porn industry alive for the next 30 years.
I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
Your parents deserve more than this.
I would call you a cunt, but a cunt has a use.
I would have been you for Halloween, but I couldn't fit 7 dicks in my mouth.
Your Tinder profile has seen more lefts than a Nascar track.
I used to think everyone had the potential to be great, then I discovered you.
You say that as if I value your opinion.
I used to be an atheist but only divine intervention could create something as miserable as you.
You bring down the property value just being here.
Fuck yourself. You'll finally get some pussy that way.
The only thing that will ever fuck you, is life.
Your existence is the best argument against intelligent design.
Two men walk into a bar. You walk into a fucking pole.
Remember when your mother told you to be yourself? Please don't do that.
Save your breath, you'll need to to blow up your girlfriend later.
You're an inspiration for birth control.
When scientists finally find what the object at the centre of our galaxy, it's going to be your dense fucking head.
I'd make a joke, but you're already here.
If I wanted you to open your mouth I'd jingle my zipper.
You need a higher aspiration in life than just being a giant fucking failure, buddy.
I would tell you a joke, but your entire existance makes a better job at that than me.
I had no expectations for you and yet you still managed to disappoint. Bravo.
31.5 N, 35.5 E, the coordinates of the Dead Sea, the saltiest place on earth next to your bitch ass.
Were you always so stupid or did you have to work at it?
Imagine waiting 9 months to give birth, and it's you.
You weren't worth the sex that made you.